# Snippet Visibility

Pasted code snippets except password protected and the user only ('For Myself' toggle) ones, are publicly accessible (even if you don't select indexable toggle). This means; anyone who knows your private (no index) snippet link may access that snippet. If you select the indexable toggle while pasting snippet, your snippet will be accessible by search engines and bots and shown in our snippet search engine results. Otherwise, your snippet detail page will be marked as "noindex". It's up to search engines and bots whether they obey this rule or not. So keep in mind that private (no index) snippets always have a risk to accessible by search engines and bots. PasteCode.io does not take any responsibility for unintended 3rd party access to your code snippets and their consequences. Please, do not paste any confidential information.

For preventing spam, we manually analyze each pasted snippet's content. Even snippet is password protected, private (no index), or user-only, it should not violate the T.O.S. So, we can see your password-protected snippet's content even if we don't (can't) know the password. We do not store your snippet's password as clean text. it's hashed with salt and then saved in the same method as your user's account's password.

 PasteCode.io can't see the encrypted snippet's content. Encryption occurs on the client side and the secret passphrase is stored in the visitor's browser. For this reason, our spam detection will ignore encrypted snippets. Also, we can't effectively review reports because we can't see the snippet content. As with all other snippets, PasteCode.io does not take any responsibility for encrypted snippets as well.